# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile ./requirements.in
ansible==10.6.0
    # via -r ./requirements.in
ansible-compat==25.1.0
    # via ansible-lint
ansible-core==2.17.8
    # via
    #   ansible
    #   ansible-compat
    #   ansible-lint
ansible-lint==24.7.0
    # via -r ./requirements.in
attrs==25.1.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
autopage==0.5.2
    # via cliff
bcrypt==4.0.1
    # via -r ./requirements.in
black==24.10.0
    # via ansible-lint
bracex==2.5.post1
    # via wcmatch
certifi==2024.12.14
    # via requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via requests
click==8.1.8
    # via black
cliff==4.8.0
    # via
    #   osc-lib
    #   python-neutronclient
    #   python-octaviaclient
    #   python-openstackclient
cmd2==2.5.11
    # via cliff
cryptography==44.0.0
    # via
    #   ansible-core
    #   openstacksdk
    #   python-openstackclient
debtcollector==3.0.0
    # via
    #   oslo-config
    #   oslo-context
    #   oslo-utils
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-neutronclient
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   dogpile-cache
    #   openstacksdk
dogpile-cache==1.3.3
    # via openstacksdk
filelock==3.17.0
    # via ansible-lint
gnureadline==8.2.13
    # via cmd2
idna==3.10
    # via requests
importlib-metadata==8.6.1
    # via ansible-lint
iso8601==2.1.0
    # via
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   openstacksdk
    #   oslo-utils
    #   python-neutronclient
    #   python-openstackclient
jinja2==3.1.5
    # via ansible-core
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.in
    #   openstacksdk
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via openstacksdk
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via
    #   ansible-compat
    #   ansible-lint
jsonschema-specifications==2024.10.1
    # via jsonschema
keystoneauth1==5.9.1
    # via
    #   openstacksdk
    #   osc-lib
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-neutronclient
    #   python-octaviaclient
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
msgpack==1.1.0
    # via oslo-serialization
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via black
netaddr==1.3.0
    # via
    #   oslo-config
    #   oslo-utils
    #   python-neutronclient
openstacksdk==4.3.0
    # via
    #   os-client-config
    #   osc-lib
    #   python-neutronclient
    #   python-openstackclient
os-client-config==2.1.0
    # via python-neutronclient
os-service-types==1.7.0
    # via
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   openstacksdk
osc-lib==3.2.0
    # via
    #   python-neutronclient
    #   python-octaviaclient
    #   python-openstackclient
oslo-config==9.7.0
    # via
    #   oslo-log
    #   python-keystoneclient
oslo-context==5.7.0
    # via oslo-log
oslo-i18n==6.5.0
    # via
    #   osc-lib
    #   oslo-config
    #   oslo-log
    #   oslo-utils
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-neutronclient
    #   python-openstackclient
oslo-log==7.0.0
    # via python-neutronclient
oslo-serialization==5.6.0
    # via
    #   oslo-log
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-neutronclient
    #   python-octaviaclient
oslo-utils==8.0.0
    # via
    #   osc-lib
    #   oslo-log
    #   oslo-serialization
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-neutronclient
    #   python-octaviaclient
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   ansible-compat
    #   ansible-core
    #   ansible-lint
    #   black
    #   oslo-utils
    #   python-keystoneclient
passlib==1.7.4
    # via -r ./requirements.in
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via
    #   ansible-lint
    #   black
    #   yamllint
pbr==6.1.0
    # via
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   openstacksdk
    #   os-service-types
    #   osc-lib
    #   oslo-context
    #   oslo-i18n
    #   oslo-log
    #   oslo-serialization
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-neutronclient
    #   python-octaviaclient
    #   python-openstackclient
    #   stevedore
platformdirs==4.3.6
    # via
    #   black
    #   openstacksdk
prettytable==3.13.0
    # via
    #   cliff
    #   python-cinderclient
psutil==6.1.1
    # via
    #   openstacksdk
    #   oslo-utils
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pygments==2.19.1
    # via rich
pyparsing==3.2.1
    # via oslo-utils
pyperclip==1.9.0
    # via cmd2
python-cinderclient==9.6.0
    # via python-openstackclient
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   oslo-log
    #   s3cmd
python-keystoneclient==5.5.0
    # via
    #   python-neutronclient
    #   python-openstackclient
python-magic==0.4.27
    # via s3cmd
python-neutronclient==11.4.0
    # via python-octaviaclient
python-octaviaclient==3.8.0
    # via -r ./requirements.in
python-openstackclient==7.2.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.in
    #   python-octaviaclient
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   ansible-compat
    #   ansible-core
    #   ansible-lint
    #   cliff
    #   openstacksdk
    #   oslo-config
    #   oslo-utils
    #   yamllint
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   osc-lib
    #   oslo-config
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-neutronclient
    #   python-octaviaclient
    #   python-openstackclient
requestsexceptions==1.4.0
    # via openstacksdk
resolvelib==1.0.1
    # via ansible-core
rfc3986==2.0.0
    # via oslo-config
rich==13.9.4
    # via ansible-lint
rpds-py==0.22.3
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
ruamel-yaml==0.18.10
    # via ansible-lint
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.12
    # via ruamel-yaml
s3cmd==2.4.0
    # via -r ./requirements.in
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
stevedore==5.4.0
    # via
    #   cliff
    #   dogpile-cache
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   osc-lib
    #   oslo-config
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-openstackclient
subprocess-tee==0.4.2
    # via
    #   ansible-compat
    #   ansible-lint
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   referencing
tzdata==2025.1
    # via
    #   oslo-serialization
    #   oslo-utils
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via requests
wcmatch==10.0
    # via ansible-lint
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   cmd2
    #   prettytable
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via debtcollector
yamllint==1.35.1
    # via ansible-lint
zipp==3.21.0
    # via importlib-metadata
